Generalize tutorials for audio and vision (#4468)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/load_hub.mdx

# Load a dataset from the Hub

> Finding good high-quality datasets that are reproducible and accessible can be difficult. One of 🤗 Datasets main goal is to provide a simple way to load a dataset of any format or type. The easiest way to get started is to discover an existing dataset on the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/datasets) - a community-driven collection of datasets for tasks in NLP, computer vision, and audio - and use 🤗 Datasets to download and generate the dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finding high-quality datasets that are reproducible and accessible can be difficult. One of 🤗 Datasets main goals is to provide a simple way to load a dataset of any format or type. The easiest way to get started is to discover an existing dataset on the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/datasets) - a community-driven collection of datasets for tasks in NLP, computer vision, and audio - and use 🤗 Datasets to download and generate the dataset.
```

```py
>>> from datasets import load_dataset

>>> dataset = load_dataset("rotten_tomatoes", split="train")
```

## Splits

A split is a specific subset of a dataset like `train` and `test`. List a dataset's split names with the [`get_dataset_split_names`] function:

```py
>>> from datasets import get_dataset_split_names

>>> get_dataset_split_names("rotten_tomatoes")
['train', 'validation', 'test']
```

Then you can load a specific split with the `split` parameter. Loading a dataset `split` returns a [`Dataset`] object:

```py
>>> from datasets import load_dataset

>>> dataset = load_dataset("rotten_tomatoes", split="train")
>>> dataset
Dataset({
    features: ['text', 'label'],
    num_rows: 8530
})
```

If you don't specify a `split`, 🤗 Datasets returns a [`DatasetDict`] object instead:

```py
>>> from datasets import load_dataset

>>> dataset = load_dataset("rotten_tomatoes")
DatasetDict({
    train: Dataset({
        features: ['text', 'label'],
        num_rows: 8530
    })
    validation: Dataset({
        features: ['text', 'label'],
        num_rows: 1066
    })
    test: Dataset({
        features: ['text', 'label'],
        num_rows: 1066
    })
})
```

## Configurations

> Some datasets contain several sub-datasets. For example, the [MInDS-14](https://huggingface.co/datasets/PolyAI/minds14) dataset has several sub-datasets, each one containing audio data in a different language. These sub-datasets are known as *configurations*, and you must explicitly select one when you load the dataset. If you don't provide a configuration name, 🤗 Datasets will raise a `ValueError` and remind you to choose a configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some datasets contain several sub-datasets. For example, the [MInDS-14](https://huggingface.co/datasets/PolyAI/minds14) dataset has several sub-datasets, each one containing audio data in a different language. These sub-datasets are known as *configurations*, and you must explicitly select one when loading the dataset. If you don't provide a configuration name, 🤗 Datasets will raise a `ValueError` and remind you to choose a configuration.
```
